Test 4
The Author
1 January 2022

-   The Title
-   The Title
-   The Title Is ‘Baz’
-   Title

The Title

This is some text before a section. It shouldn’t be indented.

This is a section

This is some test text. This is formatted in italics and bold, with -
various – dashes—, and trailing dots…

‘These quotes should be curly,’ and “so should these.” There should be a
blank line before the next paragraph:

 

And then there should be some text ^(in superscript) and
_(in subscript), and a footnote[1] with a star, a footnote[2] with a
dagger, and this should be monospace.

Subsection

Test text test text test text.

  This is a quote block. It should be indented slightly and shouldn’t
  contain a line break.

  This is a quoted line block. It should be indented slightly
  and have a line break after ‘slightly’, and formatting.

  “These literal double curly quotes, used where smart
  quotes gets it wrong, curl the right way even though
  they’re on different lines.”

  ‘These literal single curly quotes, used where smart
  quotes gets it wrong, curl the right way even though
  they’re on different lines.’

After this line there should be stars.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a new paragraph after the stars. This text is SMALL CAPS. Here
is a pound sign (£), a euro sign (€), and three letters with accents:
ëóû.

The Title

An Author

This is some text before a section. It shouldn’t be indented. Each
section should start on a new page (but subsections shouldn’t).

This is a section

This is some test text. This is formatted in italics and bold, with -
various – dashes—, and trailing dots…

‘These quotes should be curly,’ and “so should these.” There should be a
blank line before the next paragraph:

 

And then there should be some text ^(in superscript) and
_(in subscript), and a footnote[3] with a star, a footnote[4] with a
dagger, and this should be monospace.

Subsection

Test text test text test text.

  This is a quote block. It should be indented slightly and shouldn’t
  contain a line break.

  This is a quoted line block. It should be indented slightly
  and have a line break after ‘slightly’, and formatting.

  “These literal double curly quotes, used where smart
  quotes gets it wrong, curl the right way even though
  they’re on different lines.”

  ‘These literal single curly quotes, used where smart
  quotes gets it wrong, curl the right way even though
  they’re on different lines.’

After this line there should be stars.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a new paragraph after the stars. This text is SMALL CAPS. Here
is a pound sign (£), a euro sign (€), and three letters with accents:
ëóû.

This is a second section

And this is even more italic text.

The Title Is ‘Baz’

An Author, 23 February 2019

This is a section

This is some test text. This is formatted in italics and bold, with -
various – dashes—, and trailing dots…

‘These quotes should be curly,’ and “so should these.” There should be a
blank line before the next paragraph:

 

And then we do a simple include:

Text before a section in simple include.

Section in simple include

  This is a quote block. It should be indented slightly and shouldn’t
  contain a line break.

  This is a quoted line block. It should be indented slightly
  and have a line break after ‘slightly’, and formatting.

Text before recursive include, with italic, bold, “curly quotes,” and—
an em dash.

Text before section in recursive include.

Section in recursive include

Text in recursive include, with italic, bold, “curly quotes,” and— an em
dash.

Subsection in recursive include

  “These literal double curly quotes, used where smart
  quotes gets it wrong, curl the right way even though
  they’re on different lines.”

  ‘These literal single curly quotes, used where smart
  quotes gets it wrong, curl the right way even though
  they’re on different lines.’

Test text test text test text. After this line there should be stars.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

And then there should be some text ^(in superscript) and
_(in subscript), and a footnote[5] with a star, a footnote[6] with a
dagger, and this should be monospace.

Text after recursive include. Here is a pound sign (£), a euro sign (€),
and three letters with accents: ëóû.

Second section in simple include

Test text.

Text after simple include.

Subsection

This is a new paragraph. This text is SMALL CAPS.

This is a second section

And this is even more italic text.

Title

4 January 2022

This is text before a section. It shouldn’t be indented.

[1] This is a footnote. It should appear at the bottom of the page.

[2] Another footnote.

[3] This is a footnote. It should appear at the bottom of the page.

[4] Another footnote.

[5] This is a footnote. It should appear at the bottom of the page.

[6] Another footnote.
